Provide a template for new PRs (#244)
aleph-im/aleph-client: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Explain what problem this PR is resolving

Related ClickUp, GitHub or Jira tickets : ALEPH-XXX

## Self proofreading checklist

> - [ ] Is my code clear enough and well documented
> - [ ] Are my files well typed
> - [ ] New translations have been added or updated if new strings have been introduced in the frontend
> - [ ] Database migrations file are included
> - [ ] Are there enough tests
> - [ ] Documentation has been included (for new feature)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] The new code clear, easy to read and well commented.
- [ ] New code does not duplicate the functions of builtin or popular libraries.
- [ ] An LLM was used to review the new code and look for simplifications.
- [ ] New classes and functions contain docstrings explaining what they provide.
- [ ] All new code is covered by relevant tests.
- [ ] Documentation has been updated regarding these changes.
```

## Changes

Explain the changes that were made. The idea is not to list exhaustively all the changes made (GitHub already provides a full diff), but to help the reviewers better understand:
- which specific file changes go together, e.g: when creating a table in the front-end, there usually is a config file that goes with it
- the reasoning behind some changes, e.g: deleted files because they are now redundant
- the behaviour to expect, e.g: tooltip has purple background color because the client likes it so, changed a key in the API response to be consistent with other endpoints

## How to test

Explain how to test your PR.
If a specific config is required explain it here (account, data entry, ...)

## Print screen / video

> Upload here print screens or videos showing the changes if relevant.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Upload here screenshots or videos showing the changes if relevant.
```
